ladies and gentlemen tonight's dress
contest is scheduled for what Paul
introducing first from Louisville
Kentucky weighed in her 220 pounds
paradise you saw what happened in the
last segment it's going to be rob Terry
and Jay Bradley and our main event
number one contendership on the line
that I said I have a wonder that Gary
fall right in the breath each trap
that's exactly we'll see Karen poacher
he's got more muscles than grains the
man thinks that okay he once was a VW
champion that he's gonna have a shot
against the midget version you know
they've Jamin Olivencia but you know
what it's but now Jay Bradley thinks he
can go up and take care of Brian Terry
well Jay bradley might have a chance
I gotta wonder why Rob put his number
one contendership on the ride he already
had two tickets at the Saturday night
special his opponent weighing in at 275
pounds from Cincinnati Ohio marques
that's the name the man that robbed
Terriers by gambling 67 320 he does what
he wants when he wants
Rob Harry's an imposing figure he can
intimidate any man no matter how big or
small they are and Jay Bradley better be
careful because he may have his own Amon
to intimidation tactics rob Terry might
this might be stronger speaking of
intimidating figures check out Marcus
Anthony here guy who made his return to
OVW not too long ago last month
immediately made an impact we haven't
seen him since he's been working it
through the ranks here in OVW now he's
both up against one of the premier
superstars here in Ohio Valley Wrestling
paradise and it's going to be one of his
toughest challenges to date that's for
sure because paradise is no slouch he's
no pushover but now he's getting pushed
over right now he's to longest game her
alive says the trunks of Marcus Anthony
270 less than 2% body fat chiseled
granite having his way with paradise
right now a brick wall Gilbert
absolutely and I'm still sitting here
with that sinking feeling in my gut in
my stomach wondering what will be the
response of the coalition their tag team
titles are on the line
after what happened last week it's not
going to be good they're not happy
they're not happy Joseph Park making
those decisions despicable paradise
going right after the eyes after
smacking madam Marcus Anthony on the
derriere and I said earlier it's going
to be a battle of well definitely the
master of the mind games thus far here
in OVW for the many years has been
paradise he can suck them any man out to
paradise birch on the second rope on the
inside but look at the strike here the
strike took his head off his head
bounced off the back of the neck there
now he goes up oh the power of Marcus
Anthony well no woody body slams you it
shakes the floor the arena we feel that
here at the broadcast booth there is
some reverberation going on through the
building here in OVW and what is up and
down again for that gamma punch let's
see right there he wasn't thinking
that's the experience back on the part
of paradise he was able to go - you
gotta have the sticky move he's gonna
have to stick your move that's the only
thing that's gonna be able to do and
he's gonna get the man off his feet
follows it up with three drop kicks now
those who work with some rights insulin
look at those heavy haymakers here a
nice Heather
Anthony reeling here oh he oh he got him
he's getting the best of him now on his
heels turns it around
Oh Oh down
room into the cover that's gonna do it
there's over marques destiny Marcus
Anthony with another impressive victory
and I fit here still wondering if the
coalition's watching this and everything
else tonight not if but when will they
strike